# Final Project for Game Programming Class - Healing Earth

 1.	Game Title
The title of the game is Healing Earth.

2.	Game Overview
The game takes place in a wildlife park. It would be medium-sized, having both trash and organisms for the player to interact with. For every piece of trash picked up, the player obtains a potion that is to be thrown at the infected organisms around them. This heals the organisms and removes the green particles that show they are no longer sick. The goal of the player is to heal the world around them through the two methods: picking up litter and healing the animals and plants that have been poisoned from it. The player would interact with the world through both collecting objects placed around the map and throwing potion projectiles to change specific game objects. The target audience for this game would be young kids, such as teens and elementary children. To be specific, the audience would be those who have yet to understand the impact of harming Earth and helping it by picking up trash. This fun game would make it an enjoyable process to learn. 

3.	The Four Game Elements
The player’s challenge to achieve is to pick up all the pieces of litter in the environment. For every piece picked up, they gain one potion to heal a plant or animal. Without all the pieces of trash picked up, the player will not have enough projectiles to shoot. The maximum amount of projectiles received would only be reached by cleaning up the entire map. As the player collides with a piece of trash, it is collected in their inventory. The player is able to understand what trash is by understanding its drastic difference in appearance relative to the rest of the environment. For example, a crumpled bottle can next to a tree. The trash will also emit a sickly black aura. This then increases the number of potions in their inventory to shoot. Once shot at an infected organism, the potion disappears as well as the purple particles that symbolized their sickness. A counter of both objects in the inventory will be shown on screen for the player to be aware of. It is important to be aware that the player can only shoot a potion once (when it has been first received), so it is vital that the player aims properly. Once everything has been picked up (and hopefully everything has been healed), then the player will be notified of their win and scores. This score will be what motivates them to play again for better stats. The rules of the game are simple. The player is not permitted to exit the designated area. To win the game, all pieces of trash must be collected, and all the potions from the player’s inventory must be thrown (gone). The player would do this by colliding with the litter and then aiming the potions to be thrown at the poisoned organisms. Each potion can only be thrown once, so the player must be sure of where to aim before throwing! This will impact their scores at the end of the game where it shows how many organisms have been healed. 


